So what do we have?
Rongzhi, are you sick?
Can you stop being so scary every time?
Because you cheated on me and Rong Xiu
You can hide from the sky, right?
Oh oh
Mully and I came to visit the class upright
And my brother was able to sign the contract
Lucky to get this role
Fortunately, Muri helped.
I don't care why you want to
Stay away from him
Every time I encounter difficulties, the purpose is to help me
It's absolutely impossible for me to be because of an unrelated
important person
Just distance yourself from a friend who is so good to me
irrelevant
After having children and getting divorced
We have nothing to do with each other
Divorce or not is up to me
You better not mess with me
Otherwise nothing will come true
Waiting for you.
Only lifelong thorns
Hey
Can you stop being so unreasonable every time?
Although you are my legal husband
But you have no right to do anything.
What's your trouble?
Why is your mouth bleeding?
Oh.
I accidentally hit it.
This is my boss.
Ah Zi is also coming to visit the class?
Hey, why didn't you see that I was with Tiantian?
They were jealous of you last time
Why isn't there any today?